when Ana got a job at Professor Damien's
lab she was on cloud nine little did she
know that this decision would lead to
one of the hardest challenges of her
life help Ana survive by cracking the
toughest riddles and you'll find your
results at the end one day Ana came to
work only to find the lab empty in this
corner there was an odd-looking machine
the girl knew nothing about this new
addition to their laboratory so she
moved closer to investigate she didn't
realize she shifted a tiny lever along
the way that's why when the machine
suddenly buzzed and pulled Ana inside a
shimmering green field the girl was shot
speechless when Ana came to her senses
she realized she was no longer in the
laboratory the girl was in a cave with
three tunnels leading somewhere the
first passage was full of bear traps the
second tunnel was filled with toxic
gases going from under the ground in the
third passage there was water swarming
with huge whale sharks which tunnel
should Ana choose
Anna picked the third tunnel whale
sharks are harmless filter feeders
luckily the girl could swim and after 10
minutes she reached a big lake in the
middle of the lake she saw three cages
floating on the surface inside there
were her friends Matt's cage was blocked
by a huge chunk of ice
David's cage was locked with a massive
padlock and on top of lenez cage there
was a container with boiling water Anna
could help just one of them who did she
pick
[Music]
the girl chose to help David the ice
that was blocking Matt's cage would melt
sooner or later the boiling water would
evaporate and Lenna would be set free
but David wouldn't be able to escape
from the cage on his own after all and
his friends escaped from their cages
they poof disappeared the girl was
devastated she was on her own again she
got out of the lake and went deeper into
the forest soon she reached the place
where the dirt road she had been
following divided into three smaller
paths along the first path there were
huge plants with razor-sharp teeth a
massive crocodile blocked the second
path clouds of mosquitoes each the size
of a tennis ball were buzzing over the
third path which road should Anna choose
Anna followed the first path plants
can't move so she just had to be extra
careful while getting around them after
half an hour of walking Anna saw a small
cabin happy and relieved she rushed
forward but when the girl entered the
hut the door slammed behind her back
that's when she saw a piece of paper on
the table it read you won't leave my
house until you solve my riddles
as soon as Anna ran her eyes over the
words they disappeared and that's what
the girl saw instead 1 2 3 equals 0 5 2
3 7 equals 0 8 8 9 9 equals 6 3 7 0
equals 1 1 0 0 1 equals 2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 equals what Anna was a smart girl so
she soon figured out the correct answer
can you do the same
[Music]
the answer is 4 you need to count all
the closed circles in the digits good
job the note complimented Anna but we
aren't done yet and the girl saw another
riddle appear on the paper a melon is 40
cents a raspberry is 60 cents an avocado
is 80 cents how much is a lychee Anna
didn't have much of a problem with this
riddle and how about you
the correct answer is 60 cents the price
of each fruit is 20 cents multiplied by
the number of vowels in the fruits name
after a while the note showed a new
riddle use numbers two three four and
five and the plus sign and equal symbols
to make a true equation
how can Anna do it
that's what the girl got three plus four
equals two plus five the note seemed to
be pleased with how smart and it was now
you just have to pick a door and I'll
set you free I'll even give you a bag
with something you'll need later the
girl saw three doors in front of her the
note continued all the doors lead to
freedom but not all of them are safe
the first one is red hot you can get
badly burned the second door is
electrified and the third door is
covered with acid that eats through
everything but metal and a thought for a
moment and chose one of the doors which
one
Anna was wearing sneakers with thick
rubber soles she used her foot to open
the second door and thanks to her shoes
she didn't get in an electric shock and
a thought she would be able to have a
breather but no such luck when she was
running away from the mysterious cabin
carrying the bag she got as a prize
she heard heavy footsteps behind she
glanced over her shoulder and saw a
gigantic robot following her the girl
opened the bag there was a screwdriver a
bottle of water and a fishing rod inside
what should an achoo is to escape from
the robot
[Music]
the girl picked the bottle of water she
spilled the water on the robot well it
was recovering from a short-circuit she
ran away
all of a sudden the ground gave way
beneath and his feet and she fell into a
dark pit when she recovered the girl
found out she was inside an ancient
pyramid there was no way to climb back
to the surface
the only way out was through a massive
stone door but it was locked
there was no handle or lever or anything
whatsoever that could open the passage
the only thing Anna noticed was strange
symbols on the wall to the left of the
door can you help the girl crack this
riddle an exam of the symbols more
attentively and noticed that some of
them look like English letters together
they made up the word statue the girl
immediately realized she had to move the
statue that was to the right of the door
instead of taking Anna outside the
passage led her to another room in the
furthest corner there was some kind of a
portal but it wasn't so easy to get
there first
the girl had to crack several rebus
puzzles the first one went like this I
write I what does it mean
after thinking for a while Anna figured
out it was right between the eyes
the next Rivas appeared right away it
looked like this
[Music]
Anna didn't need much time to figure out
this one after all scrambled eggs was
one of her favorite dishes wham bam and
there was a new rebus in front of the
girl stood miss what does it mean
ah that's miss understood the girl was
getting closer and closer to the portal
there was just one rebus left pod oh oh
oh oh oh oh oh oh what's that
[Music]
it stands for pot eight O's which means
potatoes the way to the portal was
finally clear and Anna rushed toward him
fingers crossed
it could get her back to the laboratory
the girl landed in a strangely familiar
room
it was the basement under her research
lab the door was securely locked but
there was a panel next to it if Anna
entered the correct code she would be
free there were also several hints six
eight to one digit is right and in its
place two zero six two digits are right
but in the wrong place three eight zero
one digit is right but in the wrong
place six one four one digit is right
but in the wrong place seven three eight
all digits are wrong what's the code
[Music]
this riddle took Anna a lot of time to
crash but finally the girl figured out
the correct answer the code was 0 for 2
Anna used her well-trained mind to get
out of this ordeal and how did you cope
with this challenge if you solve 0 to 5
riddles you will get stuck somewhere in
the mysterious Hut if you were Anna
practiced by watching detectives and
cracking puzzles every other day and
don't enter suspicious cabins if your
result is 6 to 10 correct answers you'd
probably manage to escape from that
giant robot to remember to pay more
attention to details and always take a
bottle of water with you wherever you go
if you cracked 11 to 14 riddles you're
as smart as Anna and could work at
professor Damien's lab on second thought
you're probably better off where you are
now
[Music]